many updates for many changes (#446)
vellum-ai/vellum-client-generator: fern/docs/content/change-log/2024-10.mdx

title: Changelog | October, 2024
---

## Workflow Edge Type Improvements

**October 10th, 2024**

> It could be quite difficult to achieve a perfectly straight line with the "smooth-step" edge type, but those days are behind us, friends.
> 
> You'll now see that your edges will automagically snap into straight-line connectors whenever they're close-to-horizontal.
> 
> ![Edge Snap Magic](https://storage.googleapis.com/vellum-public/help-docs/changelogs/2024-10/EdgeSnap.gif)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It could be quite difficult to achieve a perfectly straight line between two Nodes in a Workflow with the "smooth-step" edge type, but those days are behind us, friends.

You'll now see that your edges will automagically snap into straight-line connectors whenever they're close-to-horizontal.

![Edge Snap Magic](https://storage.googleapis.com/vellum-public/help-docs/changelogs/2024-10/EdgeSnap.gif)
```

## AutoLayout and AutoConnect for Workflows

**October 10th, 2024**

> Two exciting new features have been added to Workflows — AutoLayout and AutoConnect.
> 
> AutoLayout allows you to instantly organize your workflow via algorithm, making it easier than ever to tame even the most-unruly of Workflows.
> 
> AutoConnect will automatically connect any unconnected Nodes in your Workflow.
> 
> Both of these features are accessible via new buttons in the bottom left toolbar in your Workflow Sandboxes.
> 
> In the event that you only want to use AutoConnect or AutoLayout on a specific subset of Nodes, simply drag to select and you'll see a new temporary toolbar that allows you to do just that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two exciting new features have been added to Workflows — Auto Layout and Auto Connect.

AutoLayout allows you to instantly organize your Workflow via an algorithm, making it easier than ever to tame even the most-unruly of Workflows.

Auto Connect will automatically connect any unconnected Nodes in your Workflow by creating edges from left to right.

Both of these features are accessible via new buttons in the bottom left toolbar in your Workflow Sandboxes.

In the event that you only want to use Auto Connect or Auto Layout on a specific subset of Nodes, simply click and drag to select a group of Nodes and you'll see a new temporary toolbar that allows you to do just that.
```
